How can I give you money?
To give is to give
But I said you just pursue it like this?
What do you mean?
I mean, how did you manage all these years?
Facing such a big girl with yellow flowers
Not at all
I haven't moved my mind
Oh, sister, you understand me too well.
You don't even know
I'm obsessed with this girl every day
It's with that seven-meat and eight-vegetarian
My mom won't let me touch it
Aren't you married now?
260,000 price is not good enough
So if you
Oops sister
It's just different for highly educated people.
Harm is superior
No wonder my mom keeps praising you
Why is your mother complimenting me?
Don't know you?
I'm talking nonsense, can't I work?